Ping Pong Game Privacy Policy

Ping Pong Game is part of the Online Games Group which includes Our Company International and Our Company Direct. This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.

Topics:

• What data do we collect?
• How do we collect your data?
• How will we use your data?
• How do we store your data?
• Marketing
• What are your data protection rights?
• Privacy policies of other websites
• Changes to our privacy policy
• How to contact us
• How to contact the appropriate authorities

What data do we collect?
Ping Pong Game collects the following data:
• Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.)

How do we collect your data?
You directly provide Ping Pong Game with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
• Register online or place an order for any of our products or services.
• Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.

How will we use your data?

Ping Pong Game collects your data so that we can:
• Process your order, manage your account.
• Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like.

When Ping Pong Game processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases.

How do we store your data?
Ping Pong Game securely stores your data at 42 Heilbronn.

Ping Pong Game will keep your personal data for 3 months. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.

Marketing
Our Company would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like, as well as those of our partner companies.
• Online  Games

If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.

You have the right at any time to stop Ping Pong Game from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of the Games Online Group.

What are your data protection rights?
Ping Pong Game would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access - You have the right to request Ping Pong Game for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification - You have the right to request that Ping Pong Game correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Ping Pong Game to complete information you believe is incomplete.

The right to erasure - You have the right to request that Ping Pong Game erase your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that Ping Pong Game restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to Ping Pong Game's processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability - You have the right to request that Ping Pong Game transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: pingpong@42heilbronn.de
Call us at: XXX XXX XXX
Or write to us: 42 Heilbronn


Privacy policies of other websites
The Ping Pong Game website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.

Changes to our privacy policy
Our Company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 26 January 2026.

How to contact us
If you have any questions about Ping Pong Game's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.

Email us at: pingpong@42heilbronn.de
Call us: XXX XXX XXX
Or write to us at: 42 Heilbronn

How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Ping Pong Game has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office.

Email: commissioneroffice@service.de
Address: 42 Heilbronn
